---
permalink: /works/job-applications/aacat-fintech-limited-quality-assurance-engineer/index.html
title: aacat-fintech-limited-quality-assurance-engineer-application-page
description: Application letter for the Quality Assurance Engineer position at aacat fintech Limited.

date: "2023-12-10"
updated: "2023-12-10"

tags: [quality assurance, testing, software development]

open_to_public: true
draft: false
layout: job_applications.njk
---

<!-- http://localhost:8080/works/job-applications/aacat-fintech-limited-quality-assurance-engineer/index.html -->

<div class="letter-header">
  <h2>aacat fintech Limited</h2>
  <h3>Quality Assurance Engineer - application letter</h3>
  <p><a href="./post.png">original post</a></p>
</div>

### Cover letter

<div class="letter-container">
Dear Hiring Manager,

<div class="spacer"></div>

I am writing to express my interest in the Quality Assurance Engineer position at your opening. With over 10 years of experience in the telecom and software industry, I believe my skills and background align well with the job requirements.

Throughout my career, I have gained extensive experience in software testing, including manual and automation testing for both mobile and web-based applications. I have a strong understanding of the Front to Back Trading Cycle, particularly in stock trading. Additionally, I have knowledge in web service and backend testing, as well as programming languages like Java.

In my previous roles at China Mobile Hong Kong, SierraWireless, and Tinklabs, I have successfully coordinated test cases, executed QA tests on product delivery, and provided regular status reports to management. My attention to detail and problem-solving skills have allowed me to effectively track defects and investigate issues.

I am a dedicated learner who is always willing to expand my knowledge. I am confident in JavaScript, Python, Docker, and software testing methodologies. In my free time, I actively engage in research and development projects related to software development using various technologies such as React, GatsbyJS, PHP, C, Python, and Appium.

I invite you to visit my GitHub page [https://louiscklaw.github.io](https://louiscklaw.github.io) to explore some of my projects and code samples.

Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the opportunity of discussing how my skills can contribute to your team at your opening.

<div class="spacer"></div>

Yours Sincerely,

Louis C.K. Law

[https://louiscklaw.github.io](https://louiscklaw.github.io)

<div class="spacer"></div>

Note:
- Please be reminded that this email generated by GPT engine for exploration purposes.
- [source code - chatgpt-gen-cv](https://github.com/louiscklaw/ai-playlist/tree/master/teamprompt-tryout/chatgpt-gen-cv)
</div>

### Simple Application test demo

#### Purpose:

This is a simple "helloworld" test script for testing Hong Kong Observatory mobile application demo. It use appium, javascript and android emulator to conduct the test.

#### Demo:

<iframe 
  class="shadow"
  width="100%" 
  height="600px" 
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2fMBSod31ao" 
  title="YouTube video player" 
  frameborder="0" 
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
  allowfullscreen>
</iframe>