---
permalink: /works/job-applications/exceed-consulting-limited-qa-engineer-software/index.html
title: exceed-consulting-limited-qa-engineer-software-application-page
description: Application letter for the Quality Assurance Engineer (Automation) position at Recruit Squad Limited.

date: '2023-12-10'
updated: '2023-12-10'

tags: [quality assurance, automation, software testing, QA engineer]

open_to_public: true
draft: false
layout: job_applications.njk
---

<!-- http://louiscklaw.github.io/works/job-applications/exceed-consulting-limited-qa-engineer-software/index.html -->

<div class="letter-header">
  <h2>Exceed Consulting Limited</h2>
  <h3>QA Engineer - Software  - application letter</h3>
  <p><a href="./post.png">original post</a></p>
</div>

### Cover letter

<div class="letter-container">
Dear Hiring Manager,

<div class="spacer"></div>

I am writing to express my interest in the **QA Engineer - Software** position at your opening. With over 10 years of experience in the telecom and software industry, I am confident in my ability to contribute to the development and enhancement of your software systems.

Throughout my career, I have worked with leading companies such as China Mobile Hong Kong, Sierra Wireless, and Tinklabs. My expertise includes JavaScript, Python, Docker, and software testing. I have a strong background in research and development, and I am always willing to learn and explore new technologies.

In addition to my technical skills, I possess excellent problem-solving abilities with a keen attention to detail. I have experience working with databases and SQL for data validation and manipulation. My daily use of Linux further demonstrates my proficiency in system administration.

I invite you to visit my GitHub page (https://louiscklaw.github.io) to see some of the projects I have worked on. It showcases my work in various areas such as React, GatsbyJS, PHP, C, Python, and Appium.

I believe that my skills and experience align well with the requirements of the post. If given the opportunity, I am confident that I can contribute effectively to your team.

Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the possibility of discussing how my skills can benefit your organization.

<div class="spacer"></div>

Yours Sincerely,

Louis C.K. Law

[https://louiscklaw.github.io](https://louiscklaw.github.io)

<div class="spacer"></div>

Note:

- Please be reminded that this email generated by GPT engine for exploration purposes. I state it here not meaning that I cannot write CV but obviously GPT wrote better than me.
- [source code - chatgpt-gen-cv](https://github.com/louiscklaw/ai-playlist/tree/master/teamprompt-tryout/chatgpt-gen-cv)
</div>

### Simple Application test demo

#### Purpose:

This is a simple "helloworld" test script for testing Hong Kong Observatory mobile application demo. It use appium, javascript and android emulator to conduct the test.

#### Demo:

<iframe 
  class="shadow"
  width="100%" 
  height="600px" 
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2fMBSod31ao" 
  title="YouTube video player" 
  frameborder="0" 
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
  allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
