---
permalink: /works/job-applications/recruit-squad-limited-quality-assurance-engineer-automation/index.html
title: recruit-squad-limited-quality-assurance-engineer-automation-application-page
description: Application letter for the Quality Assurance Engineer (Automation) position at Recruit Squad Limited.

date: "2023-12-10"
updated: "2023-12-10"

tags: [quality assurance, automation, software testing, QA engineer]

open_to_public: true
draft: false
layout: job_applications.njk
---

<!-- http://louiscklaw.github.io/works/job-applications/recruit-squad-limited-quality-assurance-engineer-automation/index.html -->

<div class="letter-header">
  <h2>Recruit Squad Limited</h2>
  <h3>Quality Assurance Engineer (Automation) application letter</h3>
  <p><a href="./post.png">original post</a></p>
</div>

### Cover letter

<div class="letter-container">
Dear Hiring Manager,

<div class="spacer"></div>

I hope this email finds you well. I am writing to express my interest in the Quality Assurance Engineer (Automation) position at your company. With my strong background in telecom and software industry, along with my passion for research and development, I believe I would be a valuable addition to your team.

Having accumulated around 10 years of working experience in the telecom and software industry, including roles at China Mobile Hong Kong, Sierra Wireless, and Tinklabs, I have gained extensive knowledge in software testing and quality assurance. My expertise includes functional testing, unit testing, interface testing, system testing, performance testing, and more. I am confident in using JavaScript, Python, Docker, and various software testing tools.

Beyond my technical skills, I possess a proactive mindset and a strong commitment to delivering high-quality results. I am constantly seeking opportunities to learn and grow professionally. In my free time, I engage in various projects involving software development using React, GatsbyJS, PHP, C++, Python, and Appium. Additionally, I have experience with hardware/electronic projects using Arduino and Raspberry Pi.

I invite you to visit my GitHub page at [https://louiscklaw.github.io](https://louiscklaw.github.io) to explore some of the projects I have worked on. These platforms showcase my dedication to continuous learning and innovation.

I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss how my skills align with your company's requirements further. Thank you for considering my application. Please find attached my resume for your reference.

<div class="spacer"></div>

Yours Sincerely,

Louis C.K. Law

[https://louiscklaw.github.io](https://louiscklaw.github.io)

<div class="spacer"></div>

Note:
- Please be reminded that this email generated by GPT engine for exploration purposes. I state it here not meaning that I cannot write CV but obviously GPT wrote better than me.
- [source code - chatgpt-gen-cv](https://github.com/louiscklaw/ai-playlist/tree/master/teamprompt-tryout/chatgpt-gen-cv)
</div>

### Simple Application test demo

#### Purpose:

This is a simple "helloworld" test script for testing Hong Kong Observatory mobile application demo. It use appium, javascript and android emulator to conduct the test.

#### Demo:

<iframe 
  class="shadow"
  width="100%" 
  height="600px" 
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2fMBSod31ao" 
  title="YouTube video player" 
  frameborder="0" 
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
  allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
