---
permalink: /works/job-applications/the-career-works-limited-qa-engineer-testing/index.html
title: the-career-works-limited-qa-engineer-testing-application-page
description: Application letter/page for the QA engineer/testing position at The Career Works Limited.

date: '2023-12-11'
updated: '2023-12-11'

tags: [QA, testing, software development, automation, SDLC]

open_to_public: true
draft: false
layout: job_applications.njk
---

<!-- http://localhost:8080/works/job-applications/ignite-recruitment-hong-kong-limited-senior-quality-assurance-engineer/index.html -->

<div class="letter-header">
  <h2>The Career Works Limited</h2>
  <h3>QA engineer/ Testing - application letter</h3>
  <p><a href="./post.png">original post</a></p>
</div>

### Cover letter

<div class="letter-container">
Dear Hiring Manager,

<div class="spacer"></div>

I am writing to express my interest in the QA engineer/ Testing position at your opening. With over 10 years of working experience in the telecom and software industry, I believe my skills and background make me a strong candidate for this role.

Throughout my career, I have gained extensive experience in software development and testing, including hands-on experience with functional, performance, security, API, and end-to-end testing. I have a solid understanding of SDLC and software QA methodologies, along with exceptional attention to detail and excellent analytical skills. My proficiency in scripting/programming languages such as JavaScript and Python has allowed me to develop automation scripts using tools like Selenium and Appium.

In my previous roles at China Mobile Hong Kong, Sierra Wireless, and Tinklabs, I have successfully collaborated with business users and application teams to identify requirements, create comprehensive test cases, execute tests, track defects, and improve software development processes. I am a proactive learner who stays up-to-date with new testing tools and strategies.

I invite you to visit my GitHub page (https://louiscklaw.github.io) to explore some of my projects and code samples. It showcases my passion for research and development in various domains such as web development (React, GatsbyJS), hardware/electronics (Arduino, Raspberry Pi), PCB layout design, web scraping, and more.

Thank you for considering my application. I am confident that my skills and experience align well with the requirements of the QA engineer/ Testing position at your opening. I look forward to the opportunity to discuss how I can contribute to your team.

<div class="spacer"></div>

Yours Sincerely,

Louis C.K. Law

[https://louiscklaw.github.io](https://louiscklaw.github.io)

<div class="spacer"></div>

Note:

- Please be reminded that this email generated by GPT engine for exploration purposes. I state it here not meaning that I cannot write CV but obviously GPT wrote better than me.
- [source code - chatgpt-gen-cv](https://github.com/louiscklaw/ai-playlist/tree/master/teamprompt-tryout/chatgpt-gen-cv)
</div>

### Simple Application test demo

#### Purpose:

This is a simple "helloworld" test script for testing Hong Kong Observatory mobile application demo. It use appium, javascript and android emulator to conduct the test.

#### Demo:

<iframe 
  class="shadow"
  width="100%" 
  height="600px" 
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2fMBSod31ao" 
  title="YouTube video player" 
  frameborder="0" 
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
  allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
