---
permalink: /job-applications/kos-international-limited-qa-tester-welcome-fresh-grad-iang-applicants-perm/index.html
# http://localhost:8080/job-applications/kos-international-limited-qa-tester-welcome-fresh-grad-iang-applicants-perm/index.html

title: kos-international-limited-qa-tester-welcome-fresh-grad-iang-applicants-perm-application-page
description: Application letter for the QA/Tester (Welcome Fresh Grad & IANG Applicants), Perm position at KOS International Limited.

date: "2024-01-12"
updated: "2024-01-12"

open_to_public: true
draft: false
layout: job_applications.njk
---

<!-- http://localhost:8080/job-applications/recruit-squad-limited-quality-assurance-engineer-automation/index.html -->

<div class="letter-header">
  <h2>KOS International Limited</h2>
  <h3>QA/Tester (Welcome Fresh Grad & IANG Applicants), Perm - application letter</h3>
  <p><a href="post.png">original post</a></p>
</div>

### Cover letter

<div class="letter-container">
Dear Sharon,

<div class="spacer"></div>

I am writing to express my interest in the QA/Tester position at your opening. With over 10 years of experience in the telecom and software industry, I am confident in my ability to contribute to your team.

Throughout my career, I have worked at reputable companies such as China Mobile Hong Kong, Sierra Wireless, and Tinklabs. These experiences have equipped me with strong skills in JavaScript, Python, Docker, and software testing. I have a degree in Electronic and Communication Engineering from City University of Hong Kong.

In my free time, I enjoy engaging in research and development projects. I am proficient in various technologies including React, GatsbyJS, PHP, C, Python, and Appium. Additionally, I have experience with hardware/electronic projects using Arduino and Raspberry Pi. My GitHub page (https://louiscklaw.github.io) showcases some of my work.

I am a dedicated learner who is always eager to expand my knowledge. Your company's focus on manual and automation testing aligns perfectly with my skill set. Furthermore, the opportunity for training at PRC is appealing to me as it would allow me to enhance my expertise.

I kindly invite you to visit my GitHub page for a closer look at my projects. Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the possibility of contributing to your team.

<div class="spacer"></div>

Best Regards,

Louis C.K. Law

[https://louiscklaw.github.io](https://louiscklaw.github.io)

<div class="spacer"></div>

Note:
- This is an email generated by GPT engine for exploration and demo purposes.
- Fine-tuned by me.
- [You can find the source code under my repository](https://github.com/louiscklaw/ai-playlist/tree/master/teamprompt-tryout/chatgpt-gen-cv)
</div>

### Simple Application test demo

#### Purpose:

This is a simple "helloworld" test script for testing Hong Kong Observatory mobile application demo. It use appium, javascript and android emulator to conduct the test.

#### Demo:

<iframe 
  class="shadow"
  width="100%" 
  height="600px" 
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2fMBSod31ao" 
  title="YouTube video player" 
  frameborder="0" 
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
  allowfullscreen>
</iframe>